# - SeaWulf-1. Server dispatcher (required)

Establish a protected directory on the SeaWulf to store your team’s data. Pre-stage any data
that might be used repeatedly for SeaWulf runs. Prior to submitting a batch districting run
request to the SeaWulf, the data required for the run should be marshalled (from memory
and/or DB), and passed to the SeaWulf as a file (or multiple files) to be stored in the team’s
SeaWulf file system.

# SeaWulf-2. Run MGGG Recom algorithm on the SeaWulf (required) (AD)

Set the constants in the MGGG code to define the properties (e.g., constraints) of the run. Any
run-control information should be packaged in a SeaWulf acceptable format (e.g., script
commands) and executed on the SeaWulf. Your activity diagram should demonstrate that you
understand how the MGGG algorithm operates.

# SeaWulf-3. Coordinate/aggregate SeaWulf core generated data (required) (AD)

You will run the algorithm on multiple nodes with each node having multiple cores. Each of the
cores will generate one or more random district plans, and store a concise version of those
results in a shared file directory for your team. Following the completion of each random
district plan, the core begins the generation of the next random district plan. You will need to
coordinate the work of the multiple processes so that when the target number of district plans
is completed, each of the cores ends its processing. 

# SeaWulf-5. Calculate the number of majority-minority districts in a random districting (preferred) (AD)
For each of the minority groups of interest for your states, calculate the number of districts in a
districting with a minority population percentage in excess of a predetermined threshold. Note:
you set the threshold, but in most cases, this should be 50%. This calculation should be done for
any population categories you are implementing in your system (total population, voting age
population (VAP), and citizen voting age population (CVAP)).

# SeaWulf-7. Calculate Republican/Democratic splits for each random district plan (required) (AD)
For each generated plan, estimate the Republican/Democratic votes in each district. Since each
district is a collection of precincts, use the historic precinct vote totals (e.g., 2020 Presidential)
to estimate the winner of a Congressional election in each district.
# SeaWulf-8. Calculate the seat/vote split curve for each random districting (required) (AD)
Using a modified Gelman/King approach, calculate data for the seat/vote curve.
# SeaWulf-9. Generate summary data from individual seat/vote district plan data (required) (AD)
# SeaWulf-10. Generate Republican/Democratic seat splits data (required) (AD)
# SeaWulf-11. Generate Majority-Minority district summary data (required) (AD) 

# SeaWulf-14. Calculate box & whisker data (required) (AD) DONE
Calculate the box & whisker summary data for all the random district plans generated by the
SeaWulf. These calculations will be for Republican population share, Democratic population
share, and minority population percentage for any minority population that might require at
least one majority-minority district in any of the team’s states. 